Documentation copy and style edits Delta Lake (#16920)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/delta-lake.rst

  <img src="../_static/img/delta-lake.png" class="connector-logo">

The Delta Lake connector allows querying data stored in the `Delta Lake
<https://delta.io>`_ format, including `Databricks Delta Lake
<https://docs.databricks.com/delta/index.html>`_. The connector can natively
read the Delta transaction log and thus detect when external systems change
data.

Requirements
------------

> To connect to Databricks Delta Lake, you need the following:

Reviewer: Lets not do this in this PR .. this is the same in all other connectors .. so if we want to change it .. do it in a separate PR for all connectors maybe .. but dont worry for now

* Tables written by Databricks Runtime 7.3 LTS, 9.1 LTS, 10.4 LTS, and 11.3 LTS
  versions are supported.
* Network access from the coordinator and workers to the Delta Lake storage.
* Access to the Hive metastore service (HMS) of Delta Lake or a separate HMS.
* Network access to the HMS from the coordinator and workers. Port 9083 is the
  default port for the Thrift protocol used by the HMS.

> * Deployments using AWS, HDFS, Azure Storage, and Google Cloud Storage (GCS) are

Reviewer: Why the reorder?

  <img src="../_static/img/delta-lake.png" class="connector-logo">

The Delta Lake connector allows querying data stored in the `Delta Lake
<https://delta.io>`_ format, including `Databricks Delta Lake
<https://docs.databricks.com/delta/index.html>`_. The connector can natively

> read the Delta transaction log and thus detect when external systems change

Reviewer: Please check if its called the "Delta transaction log" or the "Delta Lake transaction log"

Author: Looks like it should be Delta Lake transaction log https://www.databricks.com/blog/2019/08/21/diving-into-delta-lake-unpacking-the-transaction-log.html

Author: My only original change was to go from the blind subject reference "It" to "The connector".

data.

Requirements
------------

To connect to Databricks Delta Lake, you need:

* Tables written by Databricks Runtime 7.3 LTS, 9.1 LTS, 10.4 LTS, 11.3 LTS, and
  12.2 LTS are supported.
* Deployments using AWS, HDFS, Azure Storage, and Google Cloud Storage (GCS) are
  fully supported.
* Network access from the coordinator and workers to the Delta Lake storage.
* Access to the Hive metastore service (HMS) of Delta Lake or a separate HMS.
* Network access to the HMS from the coordinator and workers. Port 9083 is the
  default port for the Thrift protocol used by the HMS.

> 

Reviewer: Remove redundant empty line

    location = '...'
  )

> Columns listed in the DDL, such as ``dummy`` in the proceeding example, are

Reviewer: preceding

* ``system.flush_metadata_cache()``

  Flushes all metadata caches.

* ``system.flush_metadata_cache(schema_name => ..., table_name => ...)``

  Flushes metadata cache entries connected with selected table.

>   Procedure requires passing named parameters.

Author: Rewrote to active rather than passive "to be..."

* ``system.flush_metadata_cache()``

  Flushes all metadata caches.

* ``system.flush_metadata_cache(schema_name => ..., table_name => ...)``

>   Flushes metadata cache entries connected with selected table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Flushes metadata cache entries connected with a specific table.
```

or 

```suggestion
  Flushes metadata cache entries of a specific table.
```

Author: Went with 2nd suggestion. Would just commit suggestion but would rather not rely on gui for Trino fork.

>   Procedure requires passing named parameters.

Author: I was just editing the passive voice "to be". I did not change or embellish the material or change its meaning. This comment is scope creep. Agree the sentence does need improvement with technical details and less telegraph style.

  Writes to :doc:`Amazon S3 <hive-s3>` and S3-compatible storage must be enabled
  with the ``delta.enable-non-concurrent-writes`` property. Writes to S3 can

>   safely be made from multiple Trino clusters; however, write collisions are not

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3756245/230651284-9d6743c7-bdbb-407a-96c1-a1ae71b2ddd7.png)

Reviewer: No need for such references.

Table statistics
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Use :doc:`/sql/analyze` statements in Trino to populate the table statistics in
Delta Lake. Data size and number of distinct values (NDV) statistics are

> supported; whereas minimum value, maximum value, and null value count statistics

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3756245/230641719-8ba58893-7226-4adf-8830-3824a3cc3a2b.png)

 while vs whereas grammar

   Performance tuning configuration properties are considered expert-level
   features. Altering these properties from their default values is likely to

>    cause instability and performance degradation. It is strongly suggested that

Reviewer: I don't think we have a good standard for this .. maybe look up on google style .. but the passive voice here is probably not an improvement

Author: Will look up "we" in google style but "we" implies that the reader is also the subject, which they're not.

Author: No "we" https://developers.google.com/style/person

Reviewer: Yeah... I know.. I dont like "we" and I know its wrong. Just that the passive voice is also kinda bad..

      - ``32MB``
    * - ``delta.max-split-size``
      - Sets the largest :ref:`prop-type-data-size` for a single read section
        assigned to a worker after ``max-initial-splits`` have been processed.
        You can also use the corresponding catalog session property
        ``<catalog-name>.max_split_size``.
      - ``64MB``
    * - ``delta.minimum-assigned-split-weight``

>       - A decimal value in the range (0, 1] used as a minimum for weights

Author: Reviewers, made no changes here, just wrapped lines to 80 char. Is (0, 1] correct?
